'Overview Russia Outraged After Major Attack Henrik Rothen Jan.13 - 2024 6:55 AM CET Follow us on Facebook.com and Google News. Most read today The Russian ambassador to the Security Council says the attacks in Yemen were not targeted at a group but at the entire people. The attacks by Britain and the United States on several targets in the Houthi-controlled parts of Yemen represent \'blatant armed aggression against another country,\' according to Russia, as reported by the news agency AFP at a meeting of the UN Security Council. Russia convened the meeting. "These states have carried out a major attack on Yemeni territory. I am not talking about an attack on a group in the country, but an attack on the entire people of the country. Aircraft, warships, and submarines were used," says Vasily Nebenzia, Russia\'s ambassador to the Security Council. Early Friday, Britain and the United States attacked several targets in the Houthi-controlled parts of Yemen. Also read This was in response to several attacks by the Houthis on international shipping in the Red Sea. On Friday, Russia condemned the United States and Britain for the attacks, which Russia considers irresponsible and risking chaos across the Middle East. Subsequently, the country urgently convened a meeting of the UN Security Council. Vasily Nebenzia also claims that the attacks constitute a violation of international law and have increased tensions in the region. "It is one thing to defend shipping, attacks on it are unacceptable, but it is another to illegally and disproportionately bomb another state." From the US ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield, it is stated that the attacks were carried out in accordance with the law. The operation was conducted to \'disrupt and degrade the Houthi movement\'s ability to continue reckless attacks on ships,\' she says, according to the news agency Reuters. From Britain, there is also a defense of the attacks at the meeting. "We took limited, necessary, and proportional action in self-defense together with the USA and with the non-operational support of the Netherlands, Canada, Bahrain, and Australia," says British ambassador Susan Woodward. UN Secretary-General, António Guterres, says everyone should refrain from creating more tensions. "The Secretary-General urges all involved parties not to escalate the situation further for the sake of peace and stability in the Red Sea and generally in the region," says a spokesperson for Guterres, according to AFP. Also read © Media Group Denmark ApS Dagens.com is part of the Media Group Denmark conglomerate, which has been delivering news and entertainment across three continents for over 14 years. Read more about us in our \'About Us\' section below. Editor-in-chief: Henrik Rothen Journalists Jeppe Wad Emil Martesen Rikki Jürgensen Fergus Hart Martin Hansson Contact dagens.com: [email\xa0protected] Dagens.com offers a wide range of opportunities for advertising. Contact our sales department via salg@mgdk.'
450K Facebook Users Fell for This Toyota Tundra Giveaway Scam About this rating On Dec. 15, 2023, we received reader mail that asked about a purported giveaway on Facebook that promised one winner a 2023 Tundra pickup truck . one of the posts read as follows and directed users to a sites. google. com website: Christmas surprise! The other post asked users to enter the giveaway in the comments by typing "@" and then clicking on "highlight. " This was a waste of time – and scammers have been known to seize on accounts with verified badges in order to advertise their scams, so bear in mind that this tip is not a foolproof tip